---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

## What did you do this week? ##

We started off the year in typical fashion with a Hello program written in C++. But what was different this time around was the level of detail given to each line of the program. On Friday, we picked apart some programs regarding unit testing and assertions. I got my Docker environment all ready to go and got this blog setup.

## What's in my way? ##
Nothing concrete, but I am excited to see what the first project will be. I don't really know anyone in the class, so finding partners will be somewhat of a challenge but I have time to figure that out.

## What will you do next week ##
Next week's schedule is dangerously blank, but I assume it'll follow the format of dissecting code and praying not to get called on during class. I plan on getting started on the project as soon as its available just to keep myself on top of everything so that when the larger projects get released I'm used to starting the projects early. 

I really enjoy professor Downings teaching style. There is no magic hand waving or making assumptions on what the code does; we go through it line by line for full comprehension. I was nervous about this class because of the supposedly difficult projects and my lack of experience with C++, but after the first two classes I'm not worried but excited. I know I'll be prepared for the projects. Another thing I liked was incorporating tools that we'll need when we get a job. Putting the time in now and getting familiar with the tools will pay off later. One interesting thing that professor Downing does is calling on people randomly to answer questions or explain the code. This is terrifying and effective because you have to always be paying attention and know what's going on.

## Tip of the week ##
Visit the subreddit /r/learnprogramming for casual discussion on a wide range of CS topics.


---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

## What did you do this week? ##

Most of this past week was spent talking about the project, Collatz.  I had to brush up on my vim skills after a summer of coding mainly in python, but I got back into the groove of things pretty quickly. In terms of coding difficulty it was relatively easy, but trying to learn all the tools and get them working was another story. I really liked how the project was structured, start with a dummy solution and optimize the code from there. We were also given hints in class on how to do smaller optimizations, but coding the optimization with the cache was done with no help. I also kept up with piazza this past week, and was surprised at how quickly professor Downing and the ta's responded to questions. It wasn't as necessary for this project, but when they get more complicated I'm sure the quick response time will be very helpful. At first I thought trying to get 15 issues on github was going to be a challenge, but using it as a todo list was helpful in organizing how I wanted to tackle the project. I thought it would take around 10 hours, but it took 15 just to set everything up and get a basic dummy solution working.

## What's in my way ##
Nothing major is coming up in the next week. My shedule in general is pretty relaxed, this is the only class where I have actual tests in. Every other class is either project or paper based, which is good because when it comes time to study for this class I won't have much stopping me.

## What will I do next week ##
In the next week I'm going to wrap up on the project by adding unit test cases and creating the JSON file for submitting. I also might try and get the runtime down 0.00 seconds, but that would be more related to my pride than anything else. I also have dance team tryouts next wednesday/thursday and other rush events, so it's going to be pretty busy.

## My Experience ##
Week two of the class, and this is probably the only class I've taken at UT where I can sit through the whole lecture and actually be engaged for every minute of it. Professor Downing's teaching style facilitates this by the random picking on students, but it's also the fact that all of the information taught seems really useful not just for the class but also for full-time work.

## Tip of the week ##
I had forgotten most of how to use vim from when I took 439, but http://www.openvim.com/ is a great tool to run through all the basics.




