---
layout: post
title: CS373WeekOne
---

## What did you do this past week? ##
Last week we looked at some python files regarding calculating cycle length and a python testing framework. We also talked a lot about the tools that are going to be used throughout the class. I am going to be coding on my computer and using docker to run the files as this seems the easiest way.

## What's in your way? ##
Nothing major is in my way right now since it's the first week of class. I have a lot of reading this semester from all my classes that I have to catch up on today. Once the first project is assigned there will be a lot more to do during the week.

## What will you do next week? ##
I think the first project will be assigned next week so I'll get a start on that when it's assigned. Other than that most of my classes this semester are more project based than individual homework assignments due during the week. I prefer this because working on projects and actual coding is a lot more fun for me than doing problem sets or solving theory problems.

## What's my experience of the class? ##
I took OOP with professor Downing last semester so I'm used to the format of the class. It is modeled basically the same as the OOP class. I enjoy the conversation feel of the class and picking on people randomly keeps the class alert. Also, showing real code and its outputs is a good way to learn the language rather than lecturing over a book.

## Tip of the week ##
Checkout this tutorial for getting to learn git: http://product.hubspot.com/blog/git-and-github-tutorial-for-beginners
