---
layout: post
title: CS373WeekTwo
---

## What did you do this past week? ##
This past week we talked more about collatz. We also looked at some more tools we'll be using with this project, like pylint and a coverage tool. I started the collatz project and got the most basic solution working. It passes some of the tests on hackerrank but today I'm going to work on getting the meta cache implementation working and passing all the test cases on hackerrank.

## What's in your way? ##
Nothing major is in my way right now. I'm going to work on finishing the coding for the collatz project today, so that I can dedicate another day to formatting the repo and making sure my submission is correct. I am also going to start working on my AI project, which is also using python which is a happy coincidence.

## What will you do next week? ##
Next week I'm going to finish collatz and try to start and finish my AI project. I'm going to try and stay on top of the readings but it gets difficult sometimes when there are 6 chapters assigned. 

## What's my experience of the class? ##
The class has been going well so far. The lectures are informative as always and I'm starting to remember python. There's book reading assigned for javascript but we haven't talked about it in class yet so I'm not sure if we are going to have to learn it by ourselves or if it will be covered in class.

## Tip of the week ##
I recently discovered that when sshing using putty you can enable X11 forwarding and you can have a gui when using text editors like sublime. You also have to download a program called xming to get it to work. It may be a little slow, so in the ssh settings you should enable compression to help speed it up a litte bit. 
