---
layout: post
title: CS373 Week Six
---

## What did you do this past week? ##
Last week in class we create RangeIterator and Range classes. We then recreated these classes using single functions and the yield keyword. There was no project for this class so I mainly worked on my security and AI projects.

## What's in your way? ##
I have a lot of tests coming up in the next two weeks. The closest one is the test in this class, and the topics list got released today. I'm curious about the format of this test because there are going to be reading and coding questions. Next to next week I have 3 tests and so I need to start studying for those tests too. I haven't had any tests so far and I would rather have the tests spaced out a bit more, but it's nice to only have two rounds of tests compared to the normal three.

## What will you do next week? ##
Next week is the exam in this class, and studying for that is going to be my main priority for the week. Most of my other classes have no other major projects due until after spring break and so it's going to mainly consist of studying and reviewing for all my classes.

## What's my experience of the class? ##
The class is good. Coding in python seems a lot easier than a lot of other languages, but I think that its also slower. I'm excited for this next project and want to make sure to do a complete job on it so I can put it on my resume.

## Tip of the week ##
Someone recently made a website to mass applying to jobs very simple, check out: https://www.jobgen.io/
