---
layout: post
title: CS373 Week Nine
---

## What did you do this past week? ##
This past week my group finished up our IDB project. We were finishing up the requirements up until the last day, and we're going to try and finish up quicker next time. In class, we saw a type system for python. It seems like a lot of work to do and can get complicated pretty quickly, but it provides a lot of information which is good. We also talked about different types of joins and coded them up in Python. I think this will be useful information for the database portion of the next project.

## What's in your way? ##
Nothing major is in my way. I'm going to the meeting on Wednesday for the 5 year bs/ms program to get more information about the program. I'm also going to try and start earlier on the project once it is released.

## What will you do next week? ##
Next week I am going to work on my AI project and work on the project for this class once it is released. I don't have tests for a while so I don't have any major studying to do.

## What's my experience of the class? ##
The class is going well. The last project was useful for learning a lot of new tools and was cool to get a website up and running. The technical report was kind of daunting because of the 2500 word limit. A little more explanation during classes about the tools used for the project might be helpful.

## Tip of the week ##
Here is a cool article that talks about an algorithim that can tell when you will get bored with a game: https://phys.org/news/2017-03-algorithm-youll-favourite-mobile-game.html.
