---
layout: post
title: CS373 Week Ten
---

## What did you do this past week? ##
Last week we talked about regular expressions and more about SQL. We also learned about xml and json data formats. The class is slowly straying away from python specifics towards more database related topics, which is useful because that's what a majority of this phase of the project is. Also, you don't really learn these things in other classes unless you take a data management class, so it's good to get some exposure to it here. We also had a talk by Atlassian which I think has been the best talk so far. Instead of only talking about their company and products they took us through a problem they actually faced and talked about how they dealt with it, which was cool because you got to see a glimpse into the technical problems you're going to be facing once you're working full time.

## What's in your way? ##
For my classes I really only have projects due for the next couple of weeks, so I'm going to be busy with that. I enjoy working on projects a lot more than studying for tests so I'm glad my schedule this year has been mostly like that.

## What will you do next week? ##
Next week I will finish up the project for this class and start working on the project for my AI class.

## What's my experience of the class? ##
The class is going well. The topics covered in this class are much wider reaching than in OOP, and I think that's partly because python as a language isn't as complicated as C++ so there's less to talk about. It's good that we're getting exposure to all these tools like AWS because there's a high chance we will end up using some of them at our job.

## Tip of the week ##
Here's a repo with a ton of information and links on full stack web development: https://github.com/bmorelli25/Become-A-Full-Stack-Web-Developer/
