---
layout: post
title: CS373 Week Five
---

## What did you do this past week? ##
This past week I finished and turned in the Netflix project. The idea of the project was really cool but while implementing a solution it turned into just manipulating values from caches. In class we talked about a lot of different topics. We covered map/reduce, lambda functions, list comprehensions and much more.

## What's in your way? ##
There doesn't seem to be any project due, so the workload for this class is mainly going to be studying for the exam. I haven't had my first round of tests yet because most of my classes revolve around doing projects, but the tests are coming soon so I need to start getting ready for those. I like how my schedule has turned out this semester, it's mainly projects and tests with little to no daily homework.

## What will you do next week? ##
Next week I'm going to finish up my AI and security projects. I should start studying for the test coming up in two weeks but I'm not sure what's going to be tested yet. 

## What's my experience of the class? ##
The class is going really well. I'm learning a lot of cool things that python can do. We're about to start working on the big project for the class which is creating a website I think. That should be a lot of fun.

## Tip of the week ##
If you're called on in class and aren't sure whats going on/how to answers professor Downing's question try looking for any comments placed on the line or what's happening in the following lines. You can learn a lot about what's going on based on these two things.
