---
layout: post
title: CS373 Week Four
---

## What did you do this past week? ##
This past week me and my partner finished up the coding heavy portion of the Netflix project. We need to still add in the acceptance tests and format the repo correctly. I also finished my AI project last week which is more difficult than I expected, I know now that I need to start on those earlier. In class we talked about the differences between sets, lists, tuples, and dictionaries. We also talked about the factorial function and different implementations. We also talked a little bit about how python caches ints.

## What's in your way? ##
I have the netflix and AI projects due.  Other than that I don't have tests for a couple of weeks so I don't have too much due soon. Nothing major is in my way for the next week.

## What will you do next week? ##
Next week I'm going to finish up and turn in the Netflix project. I am also going to get a head start on my AI project and hopefully finish it up next week. The career fair is next week and professor Downing really encourages going for the experience, but I've gone every semester I've been here at UT and I already have an internship for the summer so I think this is going to be the first one I don't go to.

## What's my experience of the class? ##
The projects and lectures are going well. Last week I learned a lot more about python specifics like the differences in all the different data structures which was very helpful. We are slowly diving deeper into the speciics of python, and I'm exctied to learn more.

## Tip of the week ##
Here is a list of the top 500 most popular github topics: http://www.gitlogs.com/awesome-topics?ref=producthunt.
