---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

## What did you do this week? ##
Last week I finished up the alpha version of my iOS app and started the Darwin project. Halfway through working we realized that although we weren't explicitly calling getter and setters functions we were still kinda using them so we had to go through and refactor most of our code. After that, we made sure that we had no instances of a getter or setter. This project is a little more intersting to work on than the others in the fact there is some visual progress to be seen. I also went to phoenix for an American Express interview and meet like 30 UTCS students. I wasn't really expecting to see so many familiar faces and it was a good surprise.

## What's in my way? ##
After getting my test score back I realize that I need to study a lot more than I did. I thought I was solid on the concepts but for the next test I'm going to make sure I'm solid on the coding as well. I don't remeber if the next test is cumulative or not, but if it is I'm going to start studying a lot earlier.

## What will you do next week ##
This week I'm going to finish up the project with my partner and hopefully have enought time to do the extra credit. I'm still on the job hunt and have other interviews so I'll keep busy with all of that.

## Tip of the week ##
I was thinking of creating a web app that plans roadtrips as a personal project, but wasn't really sure how I wanted the site layout to look. I did some research and found that there are a lot of website template servies out there. One of them is https://startbootstrap.com/template-categories/all/, you just download their template and start building on top of that!
